docs: add Worker Services to docs site. (#2785)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/common-svc-fields.en.md

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="publish" href="#publish" class="field">`publish`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>

> The `publish` section allows services to publish messages to one or more SNS topics. By default, no other services are allowed to subscribe to the created topics. Other services in the environment can be allowlisted using the `allowed_workers` field on each topic.

Reviewer: Should we specify that it's only Worker Services that can subscribe to topics and not other type of services?
```suggestion
The `publish` section allows services to publish messages to one or more SNS topics. By default, no worker services are allowed to subscribe to the created topics. Worker Services in the environment can then be allowlisted using the `allowed_workers` field on each topic.
```

```yaml
publish:
  topics:
    - name: order-events
      allowed-workers: [database-worker, receipts-worker]
```

> In the example above, this manifest declares an SNS topic named `order-events` and authorizes any services named `database-worker` or `receipts-worker` which are deployed to the Copilot environment to subscribe to this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, this manifest declares an SNS topic named `order-events` and authorizes the worker services named `database-worker` and `receipts-worker` which are deployed to the Copilot environment to subscribe to this topic.
```
